that is it guides walk away that's it
Chris hopes his simple classics
watercress soup and butternut squash
risotto will prove his culinary skill
it's a nice texture but most of that is
cream and stock and there's not a lot of
watercress flavor left in fact if I was
blindfolded I may not be able to
detectives even watercress how did you
keep the watercress flavor input more
was press in tons right I also think you
brought up to the boil on the stove if
you do boil that water cress too much it
starts to go slightly bitter you're just
getting the bitterness in the back your
throat I like the sweetness the contrast
of the butternut squash against the
creaminess starchiness of the risotto
but your rice needs more cooking it
slightly chalky I like the food that
you're attempting to do you're not
pulling it off completely but I like
your style it's almost cooked enough but
it's not cooked enough it needs a couple
more glugs of stock in there and it
really needs to be able to give it a bit
of ferocious heat really to just make it
come together a bit it's all right is
Rosato enough to push you through to
make you go to the next round of course
I'd love to go through you know I've
really really enjoyed it and and I hope
I do
Vicky wants to deliver flavor and
presentation with her menu of scallops
mashed peas and chips followed by a
chocolate fondant the flavor of the pea
and the spring in the scallop is
fantastic then you got potato which is
quite earthy and it washes away that
flavor you don't need those chips I just
didn't know whether it was enough you
just need something like a blob of
mayonnaise holding that together
fantastic the vibrancy and the sweetness
those peas is killing the Scott yeah if
that would've been a puree with some
cream in it mmm it would have got soft
you'd have had something wet to dip your
chips into and that super super fresh
sweet flavor that plea would have died
down with it as well the issue here is
not your recipe your recipe is right it
would have had a lovely soft oozy saucy
Center a wonderful kakie outside the
issue is timing you just didn't cook it
long enough a little bit of sponge I
picked up is as light as a feather
that would have been a dish most
certainly worthy of the next round
that's so near that's so almost I want
to cry
and everything is constructive
I think that when you want it you want
to do well it's just a bit daunting
Lewis is out to win with shellfish and
yaki in a white wine broth and for
dessert
mixed berries with an orange cream and
strawberry sauce you have got beautiful
flavors of the tomatoes that slowly
cooked the shellfish using their juicer
and garlic and it's absolutely lovely
and yaki is a very mundane mixture of
flour and potato with no flavor at all
that's just soaking it all up and taking
it away right now you need about seven
different types of cutlery to eat you
need a spoon a fork a knife or a crab
pick two separate bowls on the side for
nap and especially how to eat it just
throw your feast my manager yeah yeah
the flavors are very very good seriously
very very good indeed good flavors and
what on earth half the Atlantic Ocean
and three kilos of sputtering in there
we've no idea that strawberry is so deep
and delicious that strawberry sauce that
the orange zest you've put in there is
virtually strangling it that's what
comes through at the end and that sauce
is so deep and so heavenly oh there
should be more of that again it's
knowing what to leave out it's not a bad
dessert you spend a lot of time on that
first course I still think you can make
that dish actually look really really
sexiest yeah are used for me a quite an
interesting person because I think most
of the time the concept of your dish is
just completely outrageous but I still
think you have an interesting natural
touch